.\"
.\" Wee-buzzer plug-in for weechat
.\" Licensed under GPL3
.\"
.\"

.TH WEE-BUZZER 7 "January 2012" "WEE-BUZZER" "Wee-buzzer Manual"

.SH NAME
wee-buzzer - Weechat message buzzer.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR wee-buzzer (7)
warns the user by playing a sound when she receives a private message or
is mentioned in a channel. It also writes on the main buffer to let you read the message in which you are mentioned faster. Since v1.1 you can also add buffers to a report-list, to be notified for messages.

.SS Installation
.RB "After installing " wee-buzzer "(7) with your package manager, it goes in it's standard location at"
.IR "/usr/share/weechat/scripts/wee-buzzer.py" ". In order to enable it, you have to copy the file in your weechat python script directory."

.P
You can use the command:
.P
.RI cp " /usr/share/weechat/scripts/wee-buzzer.py ~/.weechat/python/autoload/"
.P
Be sure the destination directory tree exists.

.SH CONFIGURATION
.BR wee-buzzer (7)
can be configured by editing the
.IR plugins.var.python.wee-buzzer.*
variables.
.P
.RS 4
.IR sound_app ": the application which will be used to play the sound, default is "
.BR aplay (1).
.RE
.P
.RS 4
.IR sound_file ": the file to be played. Default: " "/usr/share/sounds/icecoder/wee-buzzer-alert.wav"
.RE
.P
.RS 4
.IR sound_threshold ": the minimum time, in seconds, between one sound play and another. Default is 5."
.RE
.P
.RS 4
.IR messg_threshold ": the minimum time, in seconds, between one text notify and another. Default is 1."
.RE
.P
.RS 4
.IR beep ": 'on' to enable bell alert, 'off' to enable external application alert. Default is 'on'."
.RE
.P
.RS 4
.IR replist_autoremove ": 'on' to autoremove entries in the report-list after one beep, 'off' to beep every time a message is sent to the listed channels."
.RE

.SH COMMANDS
.BR "/replist" " [add] | [del] | [list] | [on|off]"
.P
.RS 4
.IR add ": add the current buffer to the report-list."
.RE
.RS 4
.IR del ": remove the current buffer from the report-list."
.RE
.RS 4
.IR list ": list the buffers currently on the report-list."
.RE
.RS 4
.IR "on|off" ": enable/disable the report-list system."
.RE
.P
With no arguments, the command displays the report-list status (on or off).

.SH FILES
.IR "/usr/share/weechat/scripts/wee-buzzer.py" ": the wee-buzzer script system-wide location."
.P
.IR "/usr/share/sounds/icecoder/wee-buzzer-alert.wav" ": the wee-buzzer standard alert file."

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR weechat-curses (1)
.BR aplay (1)

.SH HISTORY
2011 - Originally written by
.MT chimeranet89@\:gmail.com
Alfredo 'IceCoder' Mungo
.ME .
.P
Jan 29 2012: Released version 1.1, removed the old script variables, now options can be set directly within weechat, added report-list feature.

.SH AUTHOR
.MT chimeranet89@\:gmail.com
Alfredo 'IceCoder' Mungo
.ME
